before the whole country six years to lorenzo and analyzes the many bullfighters measuring
to cataluña
a controversial decision but there is also an authentic passion
to those of Baghdad astana for this figure there is an increase in making sacrifices
that they are calm the square
where are they going to do
good atmosphere always from small position of it likes bulls of s- to
celebrate and fined with dead 14 years
it was a festival
cinemark in barcelona
mother directs and the son of my mother mother had always gone
juande his counterpart omar torrijos
in yokohama the bulls
I left there started badly and I want to be a bullfighter
alonso who presented in 720 a few as touriño de cataluña
two human cox passat we go early pitol up here came
from 14 years old plus or minus 2 to almost two years
i was learned what he considers more the foundations of a construction
what it is to know how to fight
let's see a shot
contribution I've always been
in his speech
fossati is just that
turn around
look at the public
Any person that is to let know
lime - lateral part abidal although
they have taught me
the lions highlighted the rebound the fine
after that year
obviously you have to correct things are going better
of those same legal instruments with senators between 14 and 22 years old
the fans not only before a bull a touch in Catalonia
there is or not at this moment is out
it's nothing new
for that reason he considered that of the 59 years and with seven years old
- back in Barcelona
this is very serious and without a trade where they drain nothing more or less than life
this is a boy person on his own
I would like to learn to fight
that's why a value mention ended 14 years ago and he had to use the
commensal will have poetry
Andrade the idea of ​​who will stay
I realized that I did not know anything
and there are who can be more details chopped
the adherents the whole world of the fight
will fall to nap companies
last month
you can cheat an animal practice
the technical area
they stay in the nothing of that
paul instruct showtime bulls
single base contest 'badlar' or roughness location portrays the kiss
afraid to be next year
when she
that his house in tehran
pictures of soccer players
anna bosh either when daniel in a whole is having ask him he has that
who are the posters such is not a little special
better than having a soccer player because this excellence of the
campus that my grandparents gave me
many more topics
manna entry in
the whole world
clear is the one of him the game the art line on that line this afternoon to
kill an animal
without reason
this have a sign make a demonstration of strength of the bull and law
of equity that the bullfighter offended by the psoe is bullfighting
because it was bad but I did not think I could snatch ii
of parana is calm I think as an amateur until the signal is born
Thanks to that, they have specified that the next family
but I never thought that they make me and they are covered or to school
and good but with the hope that they create hobby has to be
getting in December slightly and if it really is what you like then with
Mother's pain pretends that he supports at least his vocation and his hobby
I want it to be necessary that it be a career in studies so
I knew lola or it can not be avoided because fabra was born out well or so
be
for formations have taken for granted lorenzo where he spends his misdeeds
when I tolerate this businessman from here onwards and nothing
the idol of the dialogue shipyard was a meek I relax all that material
Well then I relax
but if more
well, nothing I really felt
the eye of the consistory also hinted that leaving the ugly averages
did with the piano but
it's not time to train more
physical
health authorities
eight as it is tourism are few almón favor is very painful marked the
opening and closing and added his title he promised to use
at the beginning he did not tell us that he would like to have
that's why he called
and at the time
with time and power
in August a big and this unarmed
not very usual people come our groupon
guys the class last year that was that
every time I've talked about the subject all
and now we hope either speaking
and with that a lot of people but I'm telling you it's the one who does not understand this is not going
to like never
you kill the demands that you know no one understands and no times
see what the Swedish goalkeeper will not be marking us
I do not understand
yes in the tradition and I would like it to be changed
if the fed is massive